hey there it is Matt from a THX leads
and this video is going to be going over
the ad testing framework that I always
use for things like Facebook ads YouTube
ads Tik Tok ads to basically make sure
that my ads are getting better and
better over time so I break it down into
three main parts here the ad hooks the
ad bodies and then the campaign
structure and I break it down this way
because it's the only way that I've ever
found to
consistently make sure that my ads are
improving in a way that's also time
efficient and just very nice to do it
this way in my opinion so this is not
going to be like your winning campaign
if you have ads that are basically
winning you just don't touch that
campaign we don't need to make that
better or do anything to it we just let
it run this is for testing new ads and
trying to get better over time so the
first thing that I do is I have two
different things I aim to make two
versions of the ad and in one in this
case your one of these versions could be
like your best performing ads so far if
You' like and then I make 10 different
Hooks and what I want to do is I want to
have one campaign and then one ad set
per body so that means I would have a
big campaign and then two ad sets what I
do here is I make 10 different versions
of the hook because you never know what
people are going to respond to the most
and the hook is arguably the most most
important part if you can really nail
the first one to five seconds you can
get so many more people to watch your
ads and all things being equal the more
time people watch your ads the better
they're going to perform so the first
thing I do is have 10 different versions
of the hook and what I try to do in
these in this first let's call it three
seconds is I want to call out the target
audience I want to have a visual hook
not just a verbal one I want to show my
face and I want to convey that the
result that they're going to get so this
is obious a lot to do within the first
three to maybe 5 seconds but you can do
it and starting with these four things
in mind really makes it a lot easier to
get it done when I have my two versions
of the ad I always stick to in general
the what why how proof call it a formula
call it a list call it whatever but the
thing I do with my two versions usually
is I test one version with what why how
with proof at the end and then the
second version with proof at the very
beginning then what why how how you know
who what when where why how is just such
an important you know framework you
learn it in the first grade and you
learn it in the first grade for a reason
but in this case where when and who are
kind of implied so we don't need to have
that there and then what I want to do is
I want to have 10 hooks and I want to
edit them onto each body so I get 20 ads
total here are some example hooks that I
really like so something like want to
double your desired outcome on platform
or business this is how you do it want
to get twice as many clients for your
agency this is how you do it this is why
your product or problem isn't working so
know this is why your cold emails aren't
working agency owners you won't believe
this how I grew my agency to 900k per
month within 12 months if you are an
agency owner listen
up this is the number one thing I tell
every agency owner or the number one
thing I tell every agency owner is this
if you want to work with e-commerce
Brands you need to hear
this when it comes to Growing your
agency I only trust one single hack let
me show you if you run an agency you're
going to enjoy this video and you will
not see it coming here's how you can
grow or get more clients every single
time or something like that so these are
10 hooks that I really like and I
usually start with these hooks to be
honest no matter what the type of ads
are and then when you when you get down
to the end of it you basically have 10
ads in ad set one and 10 ads in ad set
two and then you have that just like
that so these would be the what why how
and then proof ads you edit the hook
onto the front and I kind of visualized
it with the sticky notes here for 10
total ads and then I also basically did
the same thing here but switched it with
proof what why and how and the these
would be you know signifying of your two
different ad sets with the 10 ads in
each and this is very good because let's
say the body body is 2 3 minutes you can
film that with a teleprompter like I'm
talking right now I don't have a
teleprompter but you could just film it
like that and then you could just go you
can film the ads or the hooks
separately this is why your cold email
is not working that was three four
seconds agency owners you won't believe
this and then you can just edit it on
and you can really put a lot of emphasis
into the hook that way so when we're
talking about comparing and measuring
here
like a few different things can happen
we can compare the bodies basically by
comparing the results of the ad sets
right we just have the full ad set if
one is getting you know $100 per call
one is getting $500 per call because
they all have the
same
um hooks over a large enough sample size
we can kind of infer that you know okay
these all have the same hook so it must
be the body that is better
and we can kind of make a very educated
guess or decision that way and then we
could also compare the ads which would
you know be the hooks because let's say
we're in here because all of the bodies
are the same inside this actual ad set
of the 10 different ads if there is a
wild difference between you know this ad
here and this ad here we can kind of
infer that this ad is going to be better
because of the hook so we can with this
basically structure we're testing two
different bodies at the same time always
making sure we're improving and we're
also testing a bunch of different hooks
because we never really know what Hook
is going to be the best so that's why we
want to do it like that so we can
compare the ad set we can compare the
ads and we ensure that we're
continuously improving over time so this
is by far in my view the best ad testing
framework that works for every business
I'm sure there's different ad Frameworks
that will work for something very
specific but for every business and to
such where you can just watch a and go
for it right now this is what you want
to do and I hope you enjoyed that